hey guys it's larry Reimer care and
today we're going to be looking at the
treks to racing series snap-on cover for
the iphone 3g and 3gs i picked this case
up at my gear store for 2995 and it
comes in four different color variations
the one I picked up is the black and
white version first let me show you what
it comes with if you get a crystal clear
screen protector in the case and a
microfiber cleaning cloth this case is
the typical snap on back cover however
it's pretty unique it features a
hand-stitched leather back that feels
absolutely as good as it looks I love
the look of this striped pattern along
the back again it comes in a bunch of
different colors the black and white
version is when I went with I think this
looks great with either the white or
black iphone just because you have both
colors now the inside is lined with a
soft touch material so you don't have to
worry about your phone being scratched
and you do have the trucks the website
on the inside so insertion of the phone
pretty easy you go a button side first
and just click it in first thing you'll
notice is there's no lay on the table
design at all with this your chrome is
almost completely exposed you do have
some coverage on the sides you can see
the sides of the case come up a little
bit but then the top and the bottom are
completely exposed so you know if you're
concerned about your chrome being
scratched this is a one case you might
want to avoid same thing on the side
here you can see there's no little strip
hair where the volume rocker and the
vibrate switch are the one thing I wish
this case had is I wish this went all
the way up like for example the case
mate barely there you know I'm a fan of
snap-on back covers but I don't like
when they expose that piece right there
like the ones that have that thin strip
going right there so in any event that
does leave you you know easy access to
those buttons of course on the back you
can see the camera lens it lines up
absolutely perfectly and then here's my
one complaint I guess it's minor they
have the logo right here but it's kind
of cut out it's almost see-through so
the white that you're seeing back there
is actually the white of my iphone I
just think you know they've got the load
on the inside I'm not sure why they had
to add that in there don't know how we
would look on a black phone maybe would
blend in more with the black of the case
itself and be even less noticeable you
have the white kind of the lines of the
logo but you know again I think this
case goes well with either the black or
the weight just because it's got both of
those colors incorporated in it so I'm
able to dock this case no problem in all
of my dogs because it does have that
complete cut out on the bottom as I said
it's got a similar cut out on the top
which allows you full access to your
headset jack your SIM card tray and your
sleep awake button you can see on the
back itself the stripes along the back
are kind of stitched on it's a you know
very subtle look kind of a silverish
white stitch that they use you can see
that on camera so it's pretty
unnoticeable and unobtrusive and I
really like that as well oh well this
case looks great it feels great again
it's pretty minimalistic when it comes
to protection you're not getting a lot
of shock and impact protection you know
you're getting mostly a case that
protects the back of your phone and also
looks really good I mean this thing is
stylish the stripes are you know
inspired from you know race cars and the
track and all that good stuff and I
think it really looks great I really
like the case itself I'd like to order
some more colors fortunately my gear
stores out of stock right now so if
you're looking to order this case hold
off they should be getting some more in
soon but right now it seems like they're
out of stock on all the colors so that
is a brief look at the trek steh racing
series snap-on cover for the iphone 3g
and 3gs i will put a link to a my gear
store in the sidebar as well as the
treks the website where you can see all
the colors you have any questions about
this case or anything else feel free to
drop me a line otherwise you have a
great day